README.md, before:

# Config File
Filename: config.json
Credentials from [Vault](https://vault.service.consul:8200/ui/vault/secrets/secret/show/users/sfw/p.lehner/jira-prod-oauth) copy as json.
Example of config.json:
```
{
  "consumer_key": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "consumerPrivateKey": "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----\00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000==\n-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----",
  "jirahost": "bach1.evva.com/jira",
  "token": "00000000000000000000000000000000",
  "token_secret": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "oauth_verifier": "00000000",
  "access_token": "00000000000000000000000000000000",
}
```

# Installation
```
npm install
```

optionally you can modify the pkg.sh file for your operating system and run it to produce an executable file.

# Usage

default is to clone all cycles and their folders from the version 'Testbasis GST' to a given version (parameter 1, non-optional).
additionally you can choose to delete all cycles of specific version if you provide a second parameter called 'delete'. Be very careful with this option.

```
./index <Version> <delete>(optional)
```

if there was no executable file created:
```
node index.js <Version> <delete>(optional)
```

# Versions
Node: v12.11.1
npm: v6.11.3

Commit message:

Added password protection for delete. Adjusted README.

README.md, after:

# Config File
Filename: config.json
Credentials from [Vault](https://vault.service.consul:8200/ui/vault/secrets/secret/show/users/sfw/p.lehner/jira-prod-oauth) copy as json.
Example of config.json:
```
{
  "consumer_key": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "consumerPrivateKey": "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----\00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000\n000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000==\n-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----",
  "jirahost": "bach1.evva.com/jira",
  "token": "00000000000000000000000000000000",
  "token_secret": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "oauth_verifier": "00000000",
  "access_token": "00000000000000000000000000000000",
}
```

# Usage

Download the artifacts from https://bach1.evva.com/bamboo/browse/XST-ZCTC and place the config.json file in the same directory.

Default is to clone all cycles and their folders from the version 'Testbasis GST' to a given version (parameter 1, non-optional).

Additionally you can choose to delete all cycles of a specific version if you provide a second parameter called 'delete'. This option requires a password.

```
./zephyr-clone-testcycles <Version> <delete>(optional)
```

# Installation

Only required if no artifact was downloaded.

```
npm install
```

```
node index.js <Version> <delete>(optional)
```

# Versions
Node: v12.11.1
npm: v6.11.3
